we're here at Monex booth at computex
2024 where they have sponsored a video
where we're going to look at a whole
whack of cases that they have that look
really quite nice and also are all very
reasonably priced this one right here is
the hs01 mini and as you can see it is
quite a pretty little guy now this right
here it is not real leather you don't
really want to screw around with that if
you're you know shipping to a whole
bunch of different countries moisture
can be annoying and you didn't have to
kill animals for so that's a plus but
what we have here is a 32 L case that
has up to ATX support now we aren't able
to fit in ATX with the fans on the
bottom but we can come in here this is a
prototype they all seem a little bit
concerned about me just taking it apart
right now but it's it's fine but the
layout is really smart so right now it
is set up for an matx build and that is
what it's designed for but you can take
out these fans on the bottom and fit a
full ATX motherboard if you so choose
and you also have support for a 360 mm
radio up at the top and we have our
power supply at the front now this setup
here is good for like a 4080 4070
something like that but if you have a
big boy 4090 you are going to run into
the power supply fortunately though if
you take out this fan and want only a
240 mm radiator you can move the whole
power supply up which will give you
enough clearance for a GPU to just go
all the way across this guy you can have
an insane amount of power in something
that is just this big that's just so
pretty coming around to the back we can
see that we have back to front support
like every good case in
2024 and we also have fans on the side
and the cable management it's it's going
to be a little bit of a struggle but
you'll be able to figure it out
especially when you find it this thing
is just
$96 and that includes four prein stalled
fans three in the bottom and one in the
back heck yeah but if you're not looking
for a small case here we have the
hsl1 not mini it's just the hs01 and it
is really neat now the main thing that
they have done here is played around
once again with where the power supply
goes so if you look it's actually up
here right at the top and what allows
them to do is sink down fans into the
bottom which helps a little bit with
performance and a lot of bit with it
just looking kind kind of cool and
really unique like moving over here to
the fully built system it's just a
really unique look one thing that's fun
is that if you look this RGB strip
that's along the bottom is actually
connected with Pogo pins so you can just
take it off works great the pins are
right there put it back
on Boom your RGB works again one thing
that's also cool is if you look on the
front these fans have two options of
where exactly they go right now they're
centered which looks good for just
looking good sake but you can remove
these two screws up here and move it to
the left which gives you a tiny bit more
performance sacrificing just and not
being quite in the middle looking in the
back we can see this great big fan and
RGB Hub which does come included and
also you can see just how strange the
power supply is right there but it does
allow pretty easy cable management and
of course we do have back to front
support here as well one thing that was
a little bit of oversight on this
prototype is that right now you cannot
access the power button on the power
supply but in the future and when this
is actually available there will be a
nice big hole here so you can plug it
unplug it and just hit that button if
you want moving back around to the front
one of the things that is fun is that
they have a really streamlined look
where you have all of your like chunky
connectors and stuff down here if your
motherboard wasn't back to front and
they have just this nice little panel
right here which just covers that up so
you don't need to see those cables you
can get the hs01 in either black or
silver they're the same price and it
comes with five RGB fans for just
$99 not too bad but maybe you have a
little bit more money specifically $20
more money and you want to spend that on
curved glass look at this I cannot
believe that they're able to get curved
glass in into a case that has that kind
of a price tag cuz I know a lot of
Manufacturers have talked about just how
hecking expensive it can be they said
that they're able to heat up the glass
and do the curving and the process is
still a little bit difficult about 80%
of them are fine but 20% of them just
kind of explode while they're making
them but the good news is once they are
made and installed none of them have
exploded afterwards so you don't have to
worry about that at all what's also
really cool here is that below the
curved glass they have two 80 mm fans
that they say deliver about a 1 to 2°
drop in temperatures on your GPU because
you don't want to be a saggy boy they do
include a GPU bracket from the factory
and also five fans so the 2 80 mm right
here two 140s on the side and a 140 on
the back moving around to the back you
can see that we have back to front
support once again and you will be
getting a control but more like the one
that we saw before not this one
specifically if you're willing to
sacrifice that nice curved glass for a
little bit of performance though we have
the sky 3 Performance right here except
so probably good idea it's a prototype
all right I'll leave it with this guy
you get three 140 mm fans in the front a
120 in the back and that same GPU saggy
thing and also a little bit of maybe
Walnut right here they're not 100% sure
what type of wood this is going to be
because you need to pick a type of wood
that's going to be fine in Asia where
it's hot and humid and Europe and Canada
where it's really cold and not humid and
also import laws and they'll figure it
out what it's a bit harder to figure out
though is how they managed to make the
king 65 Pro be so inexpensive this is
apparently the cheapest dual chamber
case coming in at
$89 not bad let's have a look in here as
you can see tempered glass on two sides
very very nice and there we go your
power supply has its own little area to
do its thing we have some fans that are
intaking through there so all of your
other stuff can stay nice and cool
unfortunately there is no back to front
support in this guy here but there is
support for hard drives if you still
have those for some reason in here if
you are to buy it you will get 240 mm
fans on the side and a 120 at the back
for that $89 price tag which is pretty
hecking good also looks like we have
room for a 360 rat up there 360 down
here very nice for those of you that
want to spend very little on your
computer case though and more on your
components we have the XR Series this
one right here with the two glass panels
comes in at
$64 very nice and even nicer the one
with mesh on the front comes with four
120s the not mesh version glass panel
comes with three which is why the mesh
one costs a little bit more and it's
pretty bog standard in the back once
again we don't have any back to front
support just to save on those tooling
costs but realistically at this kind of
a price point you're probably not buying
one of those extra fancy motherboards
anyway also these are available right
now maybe you do want to spend a bunch
of your money though which is where
their Flagship case the king 95 Mega Pro
comes in and the party trick of this guy
right here is that these three
fans can move out 30° that apparently
can drop GPU temps by up to 5° C which
is really impressive or if you don't
want to do that you can just go right
back there very easy this thing comes
with a massive seven fans pre-installed
so we have six inverted fans here
blowing that way and up and in and one
down at that back meaning you're going
to have no trouble cooling even e8x
boards which you can fit in here with an
included bracket of course around the
back we have back to front support and
this thing is
$200 now that you have your case though
you need to be able to cool your CPU I
would highly recommend that and a good
way to do that is using the hyperflow AR
argb 360 this thing right here is 27 mm
thick has a pump down in there and a $96
price tag which is pretty hecking good
for a 360 mm radiator now this being you
know you haven't had a montech AIO in
your computer before so maybe you're a
little bit concerned about the
reliability and they were concerned you
would be concerned as well which is why
it has a 6-year warranty with it and of
course if this guy's a little bit too
expensive you can spend $85 for the 240
mm version which is probably good for
most CPUs and speaking of excellent
warranties we have their Titan pla power
supplies these guys right here are made
by cic and come with a 10year warranty
because cic's very good at making power
supplies we love those guys and we
really love that montech sponsored this
video huge thanks for watching this
video hit like get subscribed and check
out the links down below for all of mon
stuff bye